c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.exe.config
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.exe
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.pdb
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.xml
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.g.resources
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.Resources.resources
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.exe
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.xml
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.pdb
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Resources\MMlogo.png
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\Simple Styles.baml
c:\users\pipob\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\Application.baml
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Resources\earthorbitertitle.ttf
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Resources\earthorbitertitleital.ttf
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Resources\FontAwesome.otf
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp_Content.g.vb
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\DeltaMonitor.g.vb
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\DeltaMonitor.baml
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\pipob\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.exe.config
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.exe
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.xml
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.pdb
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Resources\earthorbitertitle.ttf
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Resources\earthorbitertitleital.ttf
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Resources\FontAwesome.otf
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Resources\MMlogo.png
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.exe
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.pdb
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.xml
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\Simple Styles.baml
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\DeltaMonitor.g.vb
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp_Content.g.vb
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\Application.baml
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\DeltaMonitor.baml
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.g.resources
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.Resources.resources
C:\Users\pipob\Desktop\CpuRamMilliamp\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.exe.config
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.exe
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.xml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.pdb
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Resources\earthorbitertitle.ttf
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Resources\MMlogo.png
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.exe
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.pdb
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.xml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\Simple Styles.baml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\DeltaMonitor.g.vb
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\FrmUserName.g.vb
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp_Content.g.vb
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\Application.baml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\DeltaMonitor.baml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\FrmUserName.baml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.g.resources
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\obj\Debug\CpuRamMilliamp.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Resources\earthorbitertitleital.ttf
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Resources\FontAwesome.otf
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\client_id.json
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.pdb
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Rocketz01\CpuRamMetter\CpuRamMilliamp\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
